(raindrops pattering)
(thunder rumbles)
You'll catch a cold.
The body is in the morgue.
Did you contact her parents?
SHINPEI: Not yet.
DR. HISHIGATA: Mm.
She was a famous author,
the press is going to flood this island.
And I can't hide the stab wound.
You don't have to.
Because she was murdered,
and we know who killed her.
SHINPEI: But...
Please just give me one more day.
-Okay. Fine.
-Thank you so much.
Ah...
I'm sorry, you were saying?
Hard to focus with all that's happened.
(Dr. Hishigata sighs)
Oh, also, it's what you said
about there being two Shides.
He lived for over 300 years
by transferring bodies.
I wouldn't be surprised
if he had spares for emergencies.
So, Heine gave birth to multiple Shides?
DR. HISHIGATA: No, that's not it.
Shide preserved his past bodies,
but they all burned during the war.
My father once told me that
a long time ago.
So, Iwao.
SHINPEI: Does that body
in the photo still exist?
Iwao Karikiri died 40 years ago,
after the war.
It's a mystery.
We don't know how he preserves
or mobilizes the body.
A second account?
(Shinpei gasps)
-Please cover your ears.
-What's that?
(lightning crackles)
It struck the ocean, didn't it?
How did... How did you know?
(thunder rumbles)
(theme music)
That's what you think now, Sou.
NEZU: But it would have probably taken
a long time to find shadows
if we were together.
We probably wouldn't have been able
to save those three kids.
Hizuru also died in order
to save you and Mio,
and Shinpei made that choice.
He said it was all his responsibility.
SOU: He always tries
to carry all the weight.
(Sou grunts)
It's not just his fault!
I just want...
(sobbing)
I just wanna help him.
SHINPEI: We've lost Ushioh,
Ms. Nagumo, and Rose.
Now, we don't have Nezu's rifle,
Ushioh's shotgun copy,
or Totsumura's gun.
But Shide's still alive.
What should we do?
Can we still beat him without Ushioh?
Actually, about that.
Your pocket, what's in your pocket?
Oh, this?
SHINPEI: It won't respond to me.
It's probably a fragment of Ushioh.
I knew it.
MIOH: It's why Heine escaped.
Huh?
MIOH: It does respond, Shin-chan.
We shadows can sense it.
Sis was super mad.
When?
When Shide threw a knife at you,
do you remember?
MIOH: She's in here.
All her memories, they're all in here.
I think she transferred her memories
into it before disappearing.
MIOH: But she has no body.
This thing can't move around.
Really? That's explains
why Heine thought Ushioh was still alive.
She's just memories now,
but she protected you.
Her memories. Did you scan them?
No, they're made, so no one can read them,
just like Mother's.
Maybe it's 'cause she didn't want
the enemy to access it.
So only Sis can read that data.
(gasps)
Except, she's already...
(waves crashing)
She'll be back.
(chimes)
Huh?
Yeah, that's right!
Tomorrow, during the fireworks,
on that beach!
SHINPEI: The version of her
that doesn't know anything
will show up on that beach!
(fireworks popping)
MIOH: I see.
We can get her
to scan this shell tomorrow.
SHINPEI: Yes, it'll work.
That's why she left this with me.
Ushioh...
will be reborn!
SOU: Ushio?
(Sou sighs)
We'd been pseudo-looping
with your memories.
So that means, Mio saw that scene.
(gasps)
(sighs)
-Sou.
-Whoa!
Oh, Mio.
Do you know where Shin-chan is?
Uh, no. No.
-Okay. Hm?
-Wait! Wait!
What is it?
(sighs)
I, uh...
-I'm still in love with--
-I'm shadow Mio.
(muffled grunting)
You really won't give up.
You already know my answer.
So, you won't change your mind?
Mm.
SOU: I see.
You like Shinpei, don't you?
Ah! Why... Why do you say that?
It's obvious. You're not the shadow.
(Mio whines)
Still won't change your mind?
Hmm...
Are we still friends?
Mm-hm.
That won't change?
SOU: I see. Good.
Shinpei said he was going to the roof.
Shin-chan.
Huh?
MIO: What are you doing?
SHINPEI: Just practicing.
MIO: Do you remember what I said
when you left this morning?
SHINPEI: You wanted to tell me something.
MIO: Will she really come back tomorrow?
It's hard to believe Ushioh
would store her data in that shell
for no reason.
There's a good chance
she may have scanned Shide
before she disappeared.
Well, it looks like you've come up
with another good strategy.
We'll see. I'll tell everyone later.
Was that... What you wanted to discuss?
Huh? Uh, yeah, well...
I like you.
Really.
(gasps)
I am in love you.
SHINPEI: Oh.
Okay.
Is that it?
No. Thanks.
(gasps)
Did you know already?
Mm-hm.
Oh, well, don't be weird about it
or anything, okay?
I just wanted to get it out there.
We might die tomorrow, you know?
And I didn't want to go
without telling you how I really felt.
I just wanted to get it off my chest.
I see.
(soft music)
Mm.
SHINPEI: I'm sorry, Mio.
I'm sorry, but I don't feel the same way.
It's Ushio that I'm in love with.
(Mio whimpers)
You'll always be
my precious little sister.
Mm.
Thanks for being honest.
Ah! I feel so relieved!
(breathing deeply)
Now I can die without any regrets.
(Mio crying)
Don't cry, don't cry.
You were brave, Mio. I'm so proud of you.
If it were me,
I'd be too scared to say anything.
(Mio sobs)
Tokiko...
It's okay.
But you know,
Sis might come back tomorrow,
but she's still a shadow.
She'll disappear once we destroy Heine.
Can't Shinpei get with you then?
I can't hope for that!
Shin-chan doesn't just change
his mind like that!
I need to focus! Tomorrow's the big day!
No matter what happens,
tomorrow, July 24th, is the last day.
CAUTION: GASOLINE SPILLAGE
SHINPEI: Shide said I had the power
to observe parallel worlds.
NEZU: Parallel worlds?
There's a theory that when a time traveler
goes back in time changing the future,
the timeline changes and splits off
giving birth to a world parallel
to the time traveler's original world.
So there's a world where Mio and I die,
and another where we live?
Exactly.
TOKIKO: So when Shinpei dies,
the world gets copied,
and only his consciousness
is able to move to one of them.
Then the past world will be gone, right?
Okay, I get that, but what about Ushioh?
How do you know she'll appear?
Right.
SHINPEI: I met Ushioh in the third loop,
and she somehow latched on to me.
She came to the fourth-loop world
with both consciousness and body.
NEZU: That's right.
So, the fourth loop world
probably had its own Ushioh,
which means two Ushiohs existed
at this point.
Exactly.
Right now, at this time,
Ushioh is floating in the sea.
SHINPEI: She's recovering from the damage
from trying to save Shiori.
If she were like Heine or me,
her consciousness would transfer
to her body in the sea
during a loop.
So two Ushiohs exist right now,
the ninth-loop Ushioh in the sea,
and the third-loop Ushioh
who traveled with me.
I bet Shide and Heine already know this.
Ushioh read this in Shide's mind,
so she thought of a way to revive herself.
That's exactly the reason
why she left her memories,
hoping we could figure it all out.
Wait, wait, these are all just theories.
It's all wishful thinking.
Well, this is the first 24th
since we started looping with Ushioh.
It's possible. We can't know for sure.
NEZU: Hmm...
Yeah, but I think Ushioh probably knew.
How can you be so sure?
It was wishful thinking before,
but right now, I'm sure of it.
SHINPEI: Watch.
(rattles)
(both gasp)
It's moving.
It's very slight, but no matter
where I put it, it tries to move south.
Since when did it...
The movement was strongest
at three o'clock this morning,
but it's gotten much weaker now.
Oh? The tides!
SOU: So right now,
she's neither in Osaka Bay nor Setonaikai.
Ushioh must be in the Kii Channel.
Yeah. This shell is reacting to her.
So she was close by earlier.
Low tide and high tide occur twice a day.
NEZU: The second high tide
is around six in the evening.
That's when she'll drift closer
to this island again.
One is already a threat to Shide,
now there may be two Ushiohs.
Something is really bothering me.
I think that Shide will come at us
with everything he's got.
But they don't know Ushioh's
exact location or if she'll appear.
Heine said that Ushioh was defective,
and she couldn't sense
her presence anymore.
SHINPEI: But we know where she is.
That is how we beat them.
SHINPEI: If we miss this chance,
we'll lose her forever.
Let's go get her.
Mm-hm.
I see a glimmer of hope now.
(groans)
Okay, everyone. Let's get moving.
SHINPEI: We can do this.
MASAHITO (on speaker): This mikoshi shrine
will be carried to Omotohama.
Load any collected garbage on it.
It may be garbage,
but it's still divine, right?
So we need to bring it
right back over here.
BOY: Look, it's whale!
-GIRL: A whale!
-MASAHITO: You can walk along
this mikoshi then enjoy the Oumiokuri.
Hiruko will bring you good health.
And at night, we can enjoy the fireworks.
Longevity to all of us, you and me!
-(crowd murmuring)
-(applause)
NEZU: It's quiet.
Yeah. It's been like that for a while,
which means Shinpei's plan
is probably be working, right?
Mm.
I didn't think we'd get
to talk again, Ryunosuke.
My sister was extremely grateful
to you, Nezu.
NEZU: Huh?
SHINPEI: You saved her 14 years ago.
Ah, Hizuru wrote to me sometimes.
I was shocked when she said
her novel became a movie, you know?
(laughs)
I had no idea
that she was a published author.
You were really the only person
who knew that.
Why was that? Was she shy?
That's not it at all.
Actually, you were the only adult
who believed in her stories
-about the shadows.
-Ah.
People thought I was crazy 'cause of that.
Oh, well, I guess
I'm used to that, though. Hm?
We trust you, Nezu. My sister and me.
(breathes sharply)
Mm.
Ryunoske, you don't need to say that.
(rattles)
It's time.
A festival without Ushio feels so somber.
She was always the one
to lead the mikoshi.
I'll carry it for the both of us.
MASAHITO:
Stay until the end this year, Alain.
You know I'd love to,
but I have to prep for tomorrow.
Tomorrow?
Is something wrong?
Nothing. I just had not planned
for tomorrow.
In your search of the Kii Channel,
did you happen to notice
any strays ignoring my signal?
MASAHITO: Why do you ask?
SHADOW SHINPEI: It's been two hours
since I lost Shinpei's location.
What do you think this means?
Do you think he erased the mark?
No. The handprint can't be erased.
I specifically made sure I burned it
onto his very existence.
SHADOW SHINPEI:
He can block his presence, however.
Just like you in the mud.
That Shinpei, I guess I gave him
way too many ideas.
MASAHITO: Most strays
were sent to find Ushioh.
If Hiruko's grotto is invaded now...
No. That won't happen yet.
SHADOW SHINPEI:
They came to my burrow once,
and nearly got destroyed.
They won't do it again,
unless they're sure.
MASAHITO: Then why hide?
SHADOW SHINPEI: Here is my theory.
It's the version of Ushioh
he has with him.
It can sense Ushioh's location
in the Kii Channel.
He's hiding his own location,
so he can get to Ushioh first
without revealing exactly
where she is to us, 'cause if it were me,
I would do the same thing.
SHADOW SHINPEI: Find the original Ushioh
before they do and get rid of her.
(thrilling music)
MASAHITO (chanting): ♪ Oh, be fruitful ♪
♪ Oh, god of harvests ♪
♪ In the open fields
Of Kyushu, Miyasaki, Tachibana ♪
♪ The purification shall occur ♪
♪ Oh, god of harvest ♪
ISLANDERES: Heaven ho! Heaven ho!
MASAHITO (chanting): ♪ Cast away
the disaster, famine, and destruction ♪
-♪ Cast away, purify, light the way... ♪
-Step back! Step back!
SHADOW SHINPEI: Shide, the forest
is the best place to hide a leaf.
(gasps)
Shinpei will be hiding among the strays.
I told the strays to gather by your side.
Look around. Find the stray separated
from the flock, you find Shinpei.
SHIDE: Oh?
I found you.
MASAHITO: One stray is drifting away
into the sea.
She's close. Real close.
I'm getting a stronger response.
(grunts)
SHINPEI: He found me.
Hurry, Gil.
(shrieks)
(suspenseful music)
There.
I found her!
I'm coming for you, Ushioh!
(static)
USHIOH: It's so dark. I can't see a thing.
Where am I?
What was I doing?
(gasps)
Shinpei?
MIO: You really won't go to say goodbye?
Shin-chan is leaving soon.
So? Let him!
I don't care. He can go wherever.
(static)
USHIOH: Wait. No, don't go!
-Shinpei... I miss you.
-(static)
SHINPEI: Ushioh!
USHIOH: Huh? Who's that?
Is someone calling me?
-Ushioh!
-(gasps)
Shinpei?
Whoa! What is that?
(screaming)
(suspenseful music)
Whoa! A baby? What are you?
Where'd you come from?
-I got you.
-(gasps)
What are you doing here?
Shinpei? You came back?
Yeah, I did.
Huh?
I came back... to get you.
What?
(action music)
(trilling)
(warbling)
-(squelches)
-Huh?
I remember now. I knew you'd come through!
Yeah. You're back.
USHIOH: Yep.
Ushioh! Don't let them get us!
Don't worry! It's a piece of cake!
I'm back and better than ever!
(Ushioh laughs)
(closing theme music)